project 30 is a show about four friends
doing things they've never done before
reaching far out of their comfort zones
to escape the boredom of a monotone life
but as the show evolved a big part of it
became about the amazing people that
supported us along the way whether was
our viewers or the people with us on set
and everyone who invited us to try
amazing things so today for the last
episode of our first season we were once
again lucky to have met Tina and Clara
during the Trevor Noah show Tina is the
president of the CPA Vasa one of
materials best figure-skating clothes
and Clara is a professional synchronized
skater they watch our episodes and we're
awesome enough to invite us for a
synchronized figure skating lesson but
first we needed to choose costumes or
they for the waist yeah yeah yeah
definitely but my amar and Darrin seem
to look for the most ridiculous matching
outfits they could possibly find yes yes
and they clearly had a taste for the
colorful the following day we arrived at
the arena and it was time to show our
skills I decided I'm gonna be the
captain of the Olympic team in Egypt for
figure skating and I just took you to
help me Stu get some training and be
ready for 2018 go to South Korea baby
just open like it's not like a closed
rig good
they're gonna be having breakfast and
having a lot of laughs Darrin hasn't
skated in over five years and I firstly
not set a foot on ice since I was six
years old this was going to be
interesting coming with Clara
we had three single skaters at V faith
and Karen got geared up and it was time
for some ice time
that was epic yo Telesis do it again
that's the part of the performance
the Elvis dancers - it's not now
especially wish after humiliating
ourselves for 30 minutes in front of an
entire mall and watching the girls
absolutely kill it on the ice it was
time for improvised synchronized
performance
it was now the girl's turn once again
were amazing I know what the underdogs
but we might have a shot
and for the finale we partnered up for a
last competition
Matt and Ammar skated away without
problems while Darren and I had some
much expected trouble
but against all odds Karen and I won the
most points by the judges let's thank my
family and I'll build up to this one
moment to beat Matt and Ammar it was
great I was like a lot of corruption to
me but I'd like I figure out it's every
young athletes dream to participate in
the Olympics although for synchronized
skaters that has not been possible so
join them with the hashtag why not
synchro 2022 to bring it to the Winter
Olympics of 2022 and shoutouts to the
amazing Adam Devine in Montreal who
invited us to skate on their ranch day
this now ends day 30 of Project 30 but
what started as just an idea a few
months ago that most of my friends and
family thought was absolutely insane and
impossible turned out to be the best
month of our lives working 16 hours a
day but loving every second of it we
hope that we've inspired you to try
things you have never done before and
explore the beauties of this world
you're going to meet some amazing people
along the way and I promise you won't
regret it
for the first time in a month
I won't see you tomorrow but I promise
I'll be back
and this up those 30 days over a
discussion
I think PSG is in town